False?
Don't even understand,
If you get angry, you won't get dirty.
I didn't expect you to be so big here, please beg me now.
I used to be afraid,
Now you are afraid, but now the business is bigger,
You are not afraid that my father and my father will know.
I'm doing my homework, he doesn't understand the royal principles,
This has no name and is opposed to real reason.
Today, you have made the whole world full of trouble. Remember,
The second is like the Yellow Palace, I heard,
What keeps the entire Yellow Palace trouble-free is basic management.
But he did it for you
At that time when Lian Shuaiyin
Just a few days
What's wrong with him after I finish my handsome seal?
Don't worry
In fact, Hou Ben Wang’s light machine
He decided that I was anxious to find the unknown prince.
It's not that he's in a hurry
I was forced into it, but
I have to thank my emperor
If it weren't for what he did,
Even if you don’t know, you won’t get angry.
Like I said
This woman talks
Just yelling at my husband
It should also start from that person’s level
If His Highness hadn't been a child at that time,
So far, I can only get him to do it.
I'll do you too
Originally belongs to His Highness
I like to hear this
Now that I'm in a coma, I don't want to eat.
How's it going over there?
I guess someone did it too
I had already begun to have sweet dreams about crashing.
Just tie him up and let his men
Go catch the actress Ran
I tied him up just to make him cry.
But now it’s time to faint. This is the seventh point.
Did you bring Xingran back to me?